data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/metaserver                                    opennap-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/opennp                                        opennap-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/opennp_setup                                  opennap-ng
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ptyaim                                        ptyaim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ptyaim-config                                 ptyaim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ptyaim-irc                                    ptyaim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ptyaim-oscar                                  ptyaim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/dynbuf.h                                  ptyaim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ptyaim/client-calls.h                     ptyaim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ptyaim/client-new.h                       ptyaim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ptyaim/client.h                           ptyaim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ptyaim/common-int.h                       ptyaim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ptyaim/common-link.h                      ptyaim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ptyaim/common-parser.h                    ptyaim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ptyaim/common-plink.h                     ptyaim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ptyaim/common-poll.h                      ptyaim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ptyaim/common.h                           ptyaim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ptyaim/proto-new.h                        ptyaim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ptyaim/proto-notify.h                     ptyaim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ptyaim/proto-prompt.h                     ptyaim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ptyaim/proto-spoll.h                      ptyaim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ptyaim/proto-vars.h                       ptyaim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ptyaim/proto.h                            ptyaim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ptyaim/w32poll.h                          ptyaim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libdynbuf.a                                   ptyaim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libptyaim.a                                   ptyaim
